README.adoc, before:

rogerrabbitmq
==============

:toc:
:toc-placement: preamble
:toclevels: 1
:project-artifact-name: rogerrabbitmq

// Need some preamble to get TOC:
{empty}
image:https://img.shields.io/travis/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq.svg?style=flat-square["TravisCI", link="https://travis-ci.org/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq"]
image:https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/34093789c75a4b72891743de8715cc65["Codacy code quality", link="https://www.codacy.com/app/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"]
image:https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/34093789c75a4b72891743de8715cc65["Codacy code quality", link="https://www.codacy.com/app/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage"]


[installation]
== Installation

:spring-boot-ref-guide: http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/
:spring-boot-ref-guide-executable-jar: http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/#getting-started-first-application-executable-jar

=== Install RabbitMQ
See: https://www.rabbitmq.com/install-homebrew.html

    $ sudo brew install rabbitmq

==== Add RabbidMQ to System PATH
    $ sudo vi ~/.zshrc

    #RABBITMQ
    export RABBITMQ_HOME=/usr/local/Cellar/rabbitmq/3.6.4
    export PATH=$PATH:$RABBITMQ_HOME/sbin

=== Build Application:
 $ mvn package

Copy the file {project-artifact-name}.jar anywhere on the server.
The JAR already contains the configuration for all available environments.
For further information please visit the  {spring-boot-ref-guide}[Spring Boot Reference Guide]

==== Start Application
===== Consumer Profile
Start application on command line. The _default_ profile supports a H2 datbase.
For more information please visit the {spring-boot-ref-guide-executable-jar}[Spring Boot Reference Guide] for further information.

    $ java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=consumer rogerrabbitmq.jar

===== Producer Profile
Start application on command line. The _default_ profile supports a H2 datbase.
For more information please visit the {spring-boot-ref-guide-executable-jar}[Spring Boot Reference Guide] for further information.

    $ java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=producer rogerrabbitmq.jar

===== RabbitMQ Server
https://github.com/RabbitMQSimulator/RabbitMQSimulator

    $ sudo rabbitmq-server

Default URL : http://localhost:15672/#/


==== Stop RabbitMQ Server
    $  sudo rabbitmqctl stop_app


==== Reset RabbitMQ Server
    $  sudo rabbitmqctl force_reset


==== Start RabbitMQ Server
    $  sudo rabbitmqctl start_app

Commit message:

upgrade spring-boot version 1.5.7 add maven plugin to install and download, start RabbitMQ

README.adoc, after:

rogerrabbitmq
==============

:toc:
:toc-placement: preamble
:toclevels: 1
:project-artifact-name: rogerrabbitmq

// Need some preamble to get TOC:
{empty}
image:https://img.shields.io/travis/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq.svg?style=flat-square["TravisCI", link="https://travis-ci.org/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq"]
image:https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/34093789c75a4b72891743de8715cc65["Codacy code quality", link="https://www.codacy.com/app/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"]
image:https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/34093789c75a4b72891743de8715cc65["Codacy code quality", link="https://www.codacy.com/app/marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=marzelwidmer/rogerrabbitmq&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage"]


[installation]
== Installation

:spring-boot-ref-guide: http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/
:spring-boot-ref-guide-executable-jar: http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current-SNAPSHOT/reference/htmlsingle/#getting-started-first-application-executable-jar

=== Install Erlang
    $ brew install erlang

=== Build and Start Application
This will donwload RabbitMQ server and start RabbitMQ Brokcer on port `5672`

 $ mvn spring-boot:run


====== Install RabbitMQ - Manual
See: https://www.rabbitmq.com/install-homebrew.html

    $ sudo brew install rabbitmq

==== Add RabbidMQ to System PATH
    $ sudo vi ~/.zshrc

    #RABBITMQ
    export RABBITMQ_HOME=/usr/local/Cellar/rabbitmq/3.6.4
    export PATH=$PATH:$RABBITMQ_HOME/sbin

=== Build Application:
 $ mvn package

Copy the file {project-artifact-name}.jar anywhere on the server.
The JAR already contains the configuration for all available environments.
For further information please visit the  {spring-boot-ref-guide}[Spring Boot Reference Guide]

==== Start Application
===== Consumer Profile
Start application on command line. The _default_ profile supports a H2 datbase.
For more information please visit the {spring-boot-ref-guide-executable-jar}[Spring Boot Reference Guide] for further information.

    $ java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=consumer rogerrabbitmq.jar

===== Producer Profile
Start application on command line. The _default_ profile supports a H2 datbase.
For more information please visit the {spring-boot-ref-guide-executable-jar}[Spring Boot Reference Guide] for further information.

    $ java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=producer rogerrabbitmq.jar

===== RabbitMQ Server
https://github.com/RabbitMQSimulator/RabbitMQSimulator

    $ sudo rabbitmq-server

Default URL : http://localhost:15672/#/


==== Stop RabbitMQ Server
    $  sudo rabbitmqctl stop_app


==== Reset RabbitMQ Server
    $  sudo rabbitmqctl force_reset


==== Start RabbitMQ Server
    $  sudo rabbitmqctl start_app
